A case or in this video we're going to be looking at no values and how we can do with no values in our
table.
So here I have selected stuff from customers and you can see in this phone number called them here.
We have phone numbers into it but we also have missing data.
So for Daniel Williams for example with I.D. for in phone number call home he has no value.
And this could be because he didn't want to provide us with his phone number when he was signing up
to become a customer in the store.
And there can be lots of reasons like this for having missing data in tables but we can make use of
these no values when we are writing or select statements.
So for instance we can select all the columns in our table where a column is equal to no or is not equal
to now.
So let's have a look at how we do this.
So first the let's select staw from our customer table where a phone number is equal to no.
So we're going to retrieve a list of customers which haven't provided us with their phone number and
today that we write select stuff from customers just like here.
And then on the next line we want to type where our column name is equal to no.
So in this case the column name is phone number
and instead of writing a phone number called to know we type where a phone number is no.
So rather than any calls we type is and let's run this and you can see it is written for customers who
can provide us with their phone number and we can also exclude these entries in our results by selecting
from the Customers table where a phone number is not a call to know.
So let's write that statement out.
That's right.
Select store from customers
where the phone number caller is not.
No.
So that's what you have to remember when you're selecting from no values.
You write where the column name is null or whether the column name is not.
No.
Rather than using the calls only calls signs.
So let's run this statement and you can see now in our results.
We no longer have the customers who didn't provide us with a phone number.
So all our customers and the results have phone numbers and that's because we've said where a phone
number is not no.
So this is how we filter with no values in the WHERE clause we write where column name is now or where
column name is not no.